How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   User needs first discussed among this software developer team as well as the client. They have multiple number of discussions as to what who and how the software should look like and what its requirements are. The user requirements discuss the various unambiguously by writing it and documenting it to determine a perfect project path. User requirements are noted in well formatted manner in a form of to-do list. Document known as software requirement specification is used for this purpose. It includes feasibility study, requirement gathering, software requirement specification document as well as validation for the requirements. Thereafter the requirements are prioritised based on their importance. Thereafter, some conflicts are resolved and negotiations take place on features and prices. Rafter that basic skeleton of the software is developed with minimal features and United 82 step after verification from customer there other features added based on priorities. User story helps a lot in requirement gathering process. It is a kind of an informal and simple discussion like language description of one or many features of the software system. It is a part of agile software development to get an insight into the user needs from and end user perspective. It hurts to describe the software in simplified way. User stories can be captured from the end user on the client and other various stakeholders depending upon the following requirements. User stories just deviate from writing about the requirements to just discussion about it. It is basically a conversation between the client and the developer team. It reduces the time spent on writing large documentations as well as it also saves time in developing qualities software.     
                                                                                                                                                                                 How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 In order to start developing a program or software, developer should have a clear picture of what features it must include and what should be avoided. There must be a process of unambiguous requirement gathering before any kind of software development process begins. After getting the requirements from the client the developer should decide software development model is best suited for the software to develop. These models include iterative, waterfall, prototype or agile model and others. Agile software development process has many methods which are used in the software development among which some of them are scrum, feature driven development, extreme programming etc. Frequent inspection and adaptation are the major methodology which can be incorporated into an agile software development processes. It encourages accountability, teamwork and self-organization and it is aligned towards business approach which include customer in all development process.                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   To be a good team member in software development you must have good power communication skills, be able to collaborate with other members of the team, be the best leader you can be, know your job and responsibilities, good communication skills, motivated for success, well organized, and there is many more but this comes to mind when thinking of what good team memeber should respresent.
